Xiao Rui
Do you want your sister to be a widow?
No, sister.
I'm here to take you home. I'm married
Marrying more is my home
he
sister
He can't give you a good material life at all
You can only suffer if you follow him
I don't care.
Although he is just a doorman
But he is better.
door head
No, absolutely not.
Sister, I won't agree.
If you have the same attitude as mom
I don't have to call me sister anymore
I'm just worried about you.
Go back and cooperate with the project to help me prepare for the art exhibition
I won't do it
Land War Actually I have a fiancé
I didn't want to marry him before I agreed to get the certificate from you.
If you go back, I won't go back
Because I also have a problem I've never met
Then we are a bit alike.
So are we lying to each other?
Will not
Don't worry, I will be beautiful as soon as possible.
Borrow the streamer hospital. Hmm.
Oh, one more question.
There's only one bedroom in this house.
How are you going to sleep tonight?
The strength is really not that brittle
You sleep on the bed, I sleep on the sofa
Then I sleep in bed alone
Good night good night
Why is his back?
It gives me a very familiar feeling.